hi YouTube friends in this video I'm
gonna show you all how to make clam
chowder this is Justin's grandmother's
special family secret recipe that she's
had all her life so thank you so much
grandma Moore for this recipe and if
you're interested in learning how to
make grandma mores clam chowder stay
tuned I already melted half a cup of
butter into a large pot I also diced 1
cup of onion as well as 3/4 cup of green
pepper 1/2 of a red pepper as well and I
also have 1/2 cup of celery all the
contents in your large pots add a
generous 1/2 teaspoon of thyme into your
veggies and just mix it up add a half a
teaspoon of bayleaf now that you add a
couple of your seasonings you're just
gonna want to stir your contents until
the vegetables are tender two cups of
raw diced onions this is actually my
second cup I already put the first cup
mix the contents and mix everything
together then add two bottles of an
eighth ounce of clam juice just just
pour the contents in here's the second
one
it's been about five minutes and it
looks like it's boiling so let's go
ahead and open it up and this is when
we're gonna add our clams so let me go
ahead and open up those cans of clams
and we'll be right to your heat to
medium and add two cans of clams
preferably fresh clams would be great
but I couldn't find them anywhere so I'm
just using canned clams and whole clams
is best I couldn't find whole clams so I
had to just settle for chopped clams and
the recipe that Justin's grandmother
grandma Moore gave us calls for or two
of these but I actually used three
because I really like clams so just add
the clams
I actually like to keep some of the
juice because it's really delicious it's
extra clam juice and so here's my third
one and just mix everything so now that
you have your clams in and it's in
medium heat you're ready to add 2 cups
of half-and-half so 2 cups 1/2 and I
like to use horizon or again 1/2 a nap
but you can use any you like so that's 2
cups of half-and-half and you're going
to want to just go ahead and mix the
contents doesn't that look delicious now
that's the half and half in there add 10
tablespoons of flour gradually so add 1
and mix 2 and mix you're going to do
this continuously
this is the sixth one and as you can see
the clam chowder is getting really thick
seven doesn't that look delicious
eight nine and years of ten I'm just
gonna make it a heaping one see that
that's the tenth one I was actually like
11 and then you're gonna stir I like to
use my little hot pad so as you can see
it's really thick you can add more flour
if you like it much more thicker but I
think this is perfect because it'll get
thick throughout like it'll get thick in
time look at that doesn't that look
amazing doesn't that look good yeah two
teaspoons of fortress tur sauce or just
ER sauce I can't say it so I had to have
Justin's it so 2 teaspoons what - oh and
it looks like this by the way if I
didn't get it grab that spatula and mix
the contents next you're gonna add any
hot sauce that you like and our favorite
at home is the Sri Racha hot chili sauce
and I tried this recipe before which is
why I decided to make a youtube video
and you're gonna just add one teaspoon
but if you like it super spicy add two
but one is perfect I think and then if
you like more just add more and then
you're just gonna mix
and I like to just dip that to get all
this and it smells amazing doesn't it
smell amazing honey I'm hungry after
that I like to add a half teaspoon oops
1/2 teaspoon of so after you add your
salt just add a little bit of black
peppercorn one two three four five is
pretty much all I add and then I mix and
honestly you are pretty much done I like
to turn everything on medium and close
it for a little while just I just like
to have it on medium and then close it
for about 10 minutes because everything
tastes much better that way and I set
the timer on for 10 all right it's time
to open this up it looks delicious and
you're pretty much all done just grab
yourself a large bowl pour yourself some
delicious clam chowder I'm going to do 2
scoops okay honey
now that the clam chowder is all done
and we're eating it how do you like it
it's amazing it's really really good
powder is really good so thank you
friends so much for tuning in have a
beautiful day